Teacher 1:
Juan, 30
Activities: Fitness, Boxing, Bodyweight
Years Experience: 20

Teacher 2:
Pedro, 33
Activities: Cardio, Bicycling, Aerobics, Fitness
Years Experience: 21

Teacher 3:
Maria, 27
Activities: Aerobics, Swimming, Jogging
Years Experience: 12



Juan:
I graduated from HUNTER COLLEGE with a Bachelor’s degree in Physical Education, I hold an Associate degree 
from LAGUARDIA COLLEGE in Physical Therapy. I am also certified as a massage therapist, Fitness, Bodyweight and 
Boxing instructor. As a personal trainer I specialize in performance enhancement and corrective exercise 
specialist through the National Academy of Sports Medicine (NASM). I have been personal training for over 20 years 
and working all populations with many different injuries. I enjoy biking and handball on my days off work.

Years Experience: 20

Activities:Fitness, Boxing, Bodyweight

Certs: ACSM, KBC, TRX, Balanced Body

Courses: Crossfit, boxing, yoga

Pedro:
My training practice is based on helping you live a healthier life. As such, I will improve your posture and 
core before moving on to more advanced exercises. Drawing from my military and martial arts background, I know 
that I cannot lead where I will not go. This means that any exercise I ask you to do, I have also done in my workouts. 
I will not just teach you the technique, but I can tell you how the exercise feels and how it will help you over the 
course of time. I exercise, eat a healthy diet, keep my stress levels low, and in many other ways live the same life I 
teach. In my free time, you will find me rock climbing with my children, and otherwise enjoying the benefits of good 
health. Whether you want to compete in an Ironman or if you just want to stand up straight, my training methods will 
help you to achieve your goals. Come see for yourself!

Years Experience: 21

Activities: Cardio, Bicycling, Aerobics, Fitness

Certs: NASM, TRX, ACE

Courses: martial arts, climbing, spinning



Maria:
Hello, My name is Kate, and I have been a part of the dance and/or fitness industry for 16 years. To see people inspired 
to be as healthy as they can be, this is my mission. “Exercise.” That word makes some people jump for joy while others 
cringe. There is so much more to exercise than treadmills and bodybuilding. I take it as my responsibility to work with 
you, as my client, to discover how to enjoy working out, both in traditional and not-so-traditional ways. My background 
is diverse, with a wide range of experience in dance, group fitness, Pilates, TRX, Zumba, beginner through intense 
bootcamps, and both under and overweight clientele.

Years Experience: 12

Activities: Aerobics, Swimming, Jogging

Certs: ACE, ACSM, Zumba

Courses: yoga, zumba, crossfit, swimming



12 cursos:
Aerobics
Bicycling
Bodyweight
Boxing
Cardio
Fitness
Jogging
Rehabilitation
Running
Swimming
Yoga
Zumba


10 Salas
Fitness Room
Swimming Pool
Cardio Room
Guided Activities Room 1
Guided Activities Room 2
Hardcircuit
Spinning Room
Running Track
Climbing Wall
Boxing Room



Courses:

Boxing:

Boxing is a combat sport in which two people engage in a contest of strength, speed, reflexes, endurance and will, by throwing punches at each other,
usually with gloved hands. Historically, the goals have been to weaken and knock down the opponent.
Amateur boxing is both an Olympic and Commonwealth sport and is a common fixture in most international games?it also has its own World Championships.
Boxing is supervised by a referee over a series of one- to three-minute intervals called rounds. 
The result is decided when an opponent is deemed incapable to continue by a referee, is disqualified for breaking a rule, resigns by throwing in a towel,
or is pronounced the winner or loser based on the judges' scorecards at the end of the contest.
In the event that both fighters gain equal scores from the judges, the fight is considered a draw.

The boxing course with be splited in 3 different levels for the amateurs, intermediates and professionals.


Aerobic:

Aerobic exercise is any physical activity that makes you sweat, causes you to breathe harder and gets your heart beating faster than at rest. 
It strengthens your heart and lungs and trains your cardiovascular system to manage and deliver oxygen more quickly and efficiently throughout your body. 
Aerobic exercise uses your large muscle groups, is rhythmic in nature and can be maintained continuously for at least 10 minutes.
Before going into the benefits of aerobic exercise, let's break down some key terms mentioned above:
Cardiovascular system - is made up of your heart and blood vessels e.g., arteries, veins, and capillaries that transports blood throughout the body.
Aerobic - refers to how your body uses oxygen to sufficiently meet energy demands during exercise.

Benefits
In addition to strengthening your heart and cardiovascular system, participation in regular aerobic exercise has many health benefits. Aerobic exercise:

Improves your circulation and helps your body use oxygen better
Increases energy
Increases endurance, which means you can workout longer without getting tired
Helps reduce the risk of developing heart disease
Helps reduce the risk of developing diabetes
Helps reduce body fat
Helps you reach and maintain a healthy weight
Helps reduce stress, tension, anxiety and depression
Improves sleep

Yoga: 

Yoga is a practical aid, not a religion. Yoga is an ancient art based on a harmonizing system of development for the body, mind, and spirit. 
The continued practice of yoga will lead you to a sense of peace and well-being, and also a feeling of being at one with their environment.
This is a simple definition.
The practice of yoga makes the body strong and flexible, it also improves the functioning of the respiratory, circulatory, digestive, and hormonal systems.
Yoga brings about emotional stability and clarity of mind.
In the practice of Yoga the ultimate aim is one of 
self-development and self-realization.

Everyone is able to practice Yoga!
